# RIPD
Real time illegal parking CCTV monitoring assist the barangay personnel in improving the roads in the area. Also, drivers should be thought not to park anywhere they want, because most people who parked anywhere cause accidents in the area due to obstructed vehicles.

#OBJECTIVE
In this work, we present an illegal parking detection system based on a deep learning approach, which aims to facilitate better inspection for illegal parking. Through this system, we will create a motion detection that automatically detects and recognizes motion in a illegal parking spot and sends a real-time alert to the law enforcement.  All vehicles inside restrict zones are determined as illegal parking or considered obstruction by extending the capabilities of this system such as alerting everytime motion is detected inside of a region of interest, fixing the problem of the barangay personnels to manually examine and patrol the area resulting of a waste of time and energy. not only that but this system can improve their security on illegal parking and obstruction problem.

#SOLUTION
Using AI based approach to detect illegal parking of vehicles (Mostly Cars) from an image. The model will receive a region of interest of an still image from the camera vision of through the user of the system, then it will try to predict the motion status inside the drawned ROI set by the user, then when a car goes inside the region of interest the model will automatically capture the event using screenshot and send an alert to the user. the user can now manually check and monitor the area using external monitor, user can manually screenshot the particular event that will be save to the local storage and automatically send it to their telegram.
